Ah, Brother Lin
You are the governor of a state
Rule over billions of people
How can you shut up a breath?
As the governor of Qingzhou
Today, Mr. Xiao has been wronged
Uncle is to blame
Please also ask Mr. Xiao to keep it
Let me resign as governor
Return home tomorrow
Brother Lin
Do you have anything in his hands?
Don't worry.
I'm real.
Help you get ahead
Stop talking. Are you trying to get me killed?
It doesn't matter
Let him say I'm not afraid of you
Tomorrow I will meet with the big shots of the Dragon Palace
I put in a kind word in front of him
Keep you safe
Stop talking. Huh?
If I'm lucky
This is straight
Maybe it can be replaced by a protective order.
Presumptuous, you return me the token
This Zhishi Ling belongs to the Dragon Palace
A deposed deacon
Below irons
Why do you want to let the Chen family bead curtain nine clans?